README.md, before:

# Chimoney Community Site
A website for the Chimoney Community by the ChiMers(Chimoney Community Members). This is a content hub for the contributions and initiatives of the Chimoney
Community.

## Sections
The site showcases different sections of content that include:

* Blogs
* Tutorials
* Events

# Design
Here's a visual representation of the Community site design

`image`

# Code of Conduct
Please read and abide by our [Code of Conduct;](https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 
our community aspires to be a respectful place during our online interactions.

# Contributing
We welcome contributions and are also interested in first-time contributors! 
For first time contributors, kindly work on issues tagged

[![first-timers-only-friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](#)

## Contribute via Gitpod:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website)


## Start Contributing
1. Fork the repo from [Chimoney-Community-Website](https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website)
2. Clone the forked repo with `https://github.com/your_username/Community-Website.git` where `your_username` is your github username.
3. And you're all set!

### Happy opensourcing!! :smile:

Commit message:

added info on creating PR

README.md, after:

# Chimoney Community Site
A website for the Chimoney Community by the ChiMers(Chimoney Community Members). This is a content hub for the contributions and initiatives of the Chimoney
Community.

## Sections
The site showcases different sections of content that include:

* Blogs
* Tutorials
* Events

# Design
Here's a visual representation of the Community site design

`image`

# Code of Conduct
Please read and abide by our [Code of Conduct;](https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 
our community aspires to be a respectful place during our online interactions.

# Contributing
We welcome contributions and are also interested in first-time contributors! 
For first time contributors, kindly work on issues tagged

[![first-timers-only-friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/first--timers--only-friendly-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](#)

## Contribute via Gitpod:

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website)


## Start Contributing
1. Fork the repo from [Chimoney-Community-Website](https://github.com/Chimoney/Community-Website)
2. Clone the forked repo with `https://github.com/your_username/Community-Website.git` where `your_username` is your github username.
3. And you're all set!

# Creating a PR
Please create a PR with detailed info on your change with screenshots if possible

### Happy opensourcing :smile: !!
